\documentclass[]{article}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\usepackage{fixltx2e} % provides \textsubscript
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\else % if luatex or xelatex
  \ifxetex
    \usepackage{mathspec}
  \else
    \usepackage{fontspec}
  \fi
  \defaultfontfeatures{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=MatchLowercase}
\fi
% use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
% use microtype if available
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{%
\usepackage{microtype}
\UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\usepackage[margin=1in]{geometry}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\PassOptionsToPackage{usenames,dvipsnames}{color} % color is loaded by hyperref
\hypersetup{unicode=true,
            colorlinks=true,
            linkcolor=Maroon,
            citecolor=Blue,
            urlcolor=blue,
            breaklinks=true}
\urlstyle{same}  % don't use monospace font for urls
\usepackage{graphicx,grffile}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
\IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
\usepackage{parskip}
}{% else
\setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
\setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}
}
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em}  % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{0}
% Redefines (sub)paragraphs to behave more like sections
\ifx\paragraph\undefined\else
\let\oldparagraph\paragraph
\renewcommand{\paragraph}[1]{\oldparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi
\ifx\subparagraph\undefined\else
\let\oldsubparagraph\subparagraph
\renewcommand{\subparagraph}[1]{\oldsubparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi

%%% Use protect on footnotes to avoid problems with footnotes in titles
\let\rmarkdownfootnote\footnote%
\def\footnote{\protect\rmarkdownfootnote}

%%% Change title format to be more compact
\usepackage{titling}

% Create subtitle command for use in maketitle
\newcommand{\subtitle}[1]{
  \posttitle{
    \begin{center}\large#1\end{center}
    }
}

\setlength{\droptitle}{-2em}
  \title{}
  \pretitle{\vspace{\droptitle}}
  \posttitle{}
  \author{}
  \preauthor{}\postauthor{}
  \date{}
  \predate{}\postdate{}

\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\pagestyle{fancy}
\fancyhead[RE,RO]{Stefan Jeftic Larsen}
\fancyhead[LE,LO]{Medialogy, CPH, 2017}
\fancyfoot[CE,CO]{STUDY VERIFICATION TEST}
\fancyfoot[LE,RO]{\thepage}

\begin{document}

\section{Study Verification Test - Student
Report}\label{study-verification-test---student-report}

This is an interpretive report of your responses to the study
verification test. Its purpose is to help you identify your student
profile within specific topics.

The boxplots\footnote{A \emph{boxplot} illustrates the full range of
  variation (from min to max), the likely range of variation (IQR), and
  a typical value (median). The rectangular box denotes the IQR,
  corresponding to the middle scores of the dataset. The line dividing
  the box into two parts marks the median. The upper and lower lines
  (also called whiskers) represent the highest scores (upper line) and
  the lowest scores (lower line). Outliers are defined as data points
  outside the whiskers and plotted as black dots.} show how you compare
to a larger sample of first semester Medialogy students from Aalborg and
Copenhagen. Specifically, they indicate the average self-ratings of all
students in seven different topics (see Figure 1) and the self-reported
study hours per week (see Figure 2). Your self-reported value for each
topic is indicated with red dots. A value less than 0.5 means that you
rated yourself lower than the average student. The percentiles indicate
the percentage of students whose scores are equal to or less than yours.
Based on these results we have created specific recommendations for you
to get more comfortable in the Medialogy study environment.

As the report is based on the questionnaire information alone, it may
give only a rough indication of your true attitudes. Your advisor or
student counselor will help you understand your scores and find the
services you desire.

\includegraphics{C:/Users/BiancaClavio/Documents/stats-on-grades/docs/handouts/SSPanalysis_2_files/figure-latex/unnamed-chunk-4-1.pdf}

\includegraphics{C:/Users/BiancaClavio/Documents/stats-on-grades/docs/handouts/SSPanalysis_2_files/figure-latex/unnamed-chunk-5-1.pdf}

\pagebreak

\subsection{Specific Recommondations}\label{specific-recommondations}

In this section you will receive a more detailed explanation of your
results. The purpose of this information is to help you develop your
skills and get the most from your university experience. Take a balanced
approach to reviewing and utilizing this information. Do not assume that
each statement is perfectly accurate just because it is printed in a
formal manner; some statements may not fit you well. However, do not
dismiss a statement just because it points to a challenge.

Keep an open mind as you consider each statement. When it seems
accurate, give serious thought to any suggestions that accompany the
statement. If the statement is puzzling, discuss it with someone who can
help you interpret it. Approaching the information in this way can be
very helpful.

\paragraph{Social Support for
Studying}\label{social-support-for-studying}

Studying is a long-term endeavour and there will be times of frustration
and doubt. Your self-reported social support for studying placed you in
the 54th percentile, and your responses suggest that you received an
above average amount of encouragement from friends, family, or other
sources when you enrolled for a university degree in general and
Medialogy at AAU in particular. During your education it can help to
have a social network that understands that times of frustration can be
part of pursuing a higher education degree. Your social network can help
support you in times of hardship, doubt, and low morale. It is good to
hear that you have already made some friends at AAU. Making friends with
fellow students at university can be a valuable source to rely on
throughout the education.

\paragraph{High School Habits}\label{high-school-habits}

In high school, the teacher often has the responsibility of giving
homework, communicating learning material, recording attendance in
class, ensure student progress, and help the students when required.
Your self-reported high school habits placed you in the 43rd percentile,
which suggests that you have above average study habits. However,
remember that going from high school to univesity involves many changes
that you need to adjust to. As a student at university, you have the
responsibility for what you learn. Your lecturers will often have more
focus on academic content than on pedagogy, and weak study habits can
therefore set you back in your learning progress.

\paragraph{Study Habits}\label{study-habits}

Weak study habits are the single greatest cause of academic problems at
university. Your self-reported study habits placed you in the 34th
percentile, and you will benefit from adopting more good study habits.
As soon as possible, develop a clear daily routine in which you set
aside certain periods of time to study. Learn to focus your attention
and to pace yourself. Find the situations or circumstances, where your
attention is challenged or removed from otherwise study-allocated time
or activity. Examples can be when sitting too far back in the room
during the lectures while keeping focused attention, or when
multitasking too many activities while keeping the mind from wandering
away from the subject matter during homework sessions. Other useful
techniques include previewing, underlining, note-taking, and reviewing.
Academic counselors can help you develop your study habits and exercises
for keeping focus. You can find a set of helpful tools to improve your
study habits \href{tinyurl.com/AAUstudyPlanning}{here}
(tinyurl.com/AAUstudyPlanning) and find study related exercises
\href{tinyurl.com/AAUstudySkillsExercises}{here}
(tinyurl.com/AAUstudySkillsExercises).

\paragraph{Grit}\label{grit}

Talent without hard work rarely amounts to anything ambitious. Making
the effort to stay with a problem (or challenge) for long enough,
increases your chances of cracking it and mastering new skills. This
requires time and dedication, and is known as grit. Students with high
self-reported values in grit, are less likely to drop out and fail exams
than those with lower scores. Your self-reported grit places you in the
68th percentile, and your perseverance and dedication to solving
problems are therefore above average. Previous Medialogy cohorts have
shown that even students with poor high school grades will make it
through the education if they persist and invest the time and effort.
Remember this next time you encounter a difficult problem and you feel
like giving up.

\paragraph{Growth mindset}\label{growth-mindset}

Seeing your intelligence as something that you can actively influence
and grow is referred to as having a growth mindset. Students with high
self-reported values in growth mindset are less likely to drop out and
fail exams than those with lower scores. Your self-reported
understanding of intelligence placed you in the 47th percentile, meaning
that you are open to actively improving your intelligence. Seeing
setbacks (failed assignments or poor exam grades) as an opportunity to
learn and grow rather than inadequacy, lack of intelligence or talent
helps you overcome challenges and develop a positive learning attitude.

\paragraph{Study and Work}\label{study-and-work}

Studying requires a lot of time and dedication in order to succeed.
Being intelligent and having talent can help but does not replace the
need for dedicating time and effort to studying. The ECTS system assumes
that you spend 45 hours a week on your education. You reported using
27.5 hours weekly for studying, which indicates that you are using much
less than the recommended amount of time for studying. Meeting these
demands is difficult over long-term with too many other obligations.

\paragraph{Understanding of Medialogy}\label{understanding-of-medialogy}

Choosing a suitable education can be difficult, and students should
reflect on their choice of education, especially, in the first
semester(s). Your understanding about what you will learn in the
Medialogy programme is in the 12nd percentile, meaning that your
understanding of Medialogy is rather different from what the study plan
indicates. Medialogy has a strong technical foundation but offers many
other skills and competencies that give you opportunities to design
novel technologies and this usually involves programming. Contrary to
what you indicated in the study verification questionnaire Medialogy
students learn only little about: manual content creation, work with
aesthetics, professional moving making, working as a rigging artist, and
using adobe software, but learn more about applying math knowledge and
programming skills at AAU. Although you have group responsibilities
related to you project, the group is not responsible of the individual
learning goals, defined in the study plan. Previous students with
different expectations either learned to appreciate the content, skills,
and opportunities of a Medialogy degree or changed to other programmes
or educations. Attending the Med Awards event (usually in November) and
seeing other student projects can give you an idea of what you will be
able to do if you apply yourself to what Medialogy can offer. Contacting
older students in the Medialogy facebook group, study counselors, and
going to the study cafe can also provide you information about the
education and what it means to be a Medialogy student. You can find
information about Medialogy and student testimonials
\href{tinyurl.com/AAUaboutMedialogy}{here}
(tinyurl.com/AAUaboutMedialogy).


\end{document}
